!Important Changes in LyX 2.5.0


!!Interface changes

!!Documents compilation process and images conversion

!!!The following pref variables were added in 2.5:

- \color_scheme {system,light,dark} allows to override the system-wide
  color scheme (i.e., dark or light mode). This requires LyX to be built
  against Qt >= 6.8.0.

!!!The following pref variables were changed in 2.5:

!!!The following pref variables are obsoleted in 2.5:

!!!The following new LyX functions have been introduced in 2.5:

- The new function errors-show re-displays the (e.g., LaTeX) errors dialog 
  if there had been any processing errors.

- The new function word-invertcase is a companion of word-upcase and
  word-lowcase: it inverts each character between lowcase and upcase,
  which is useful when one FORGOT THE cAPS lOCK KEY.

!!!The following LyX functions have been changed in 2.5:

- The function window-new does not take an optional <GEOMETRY>
  parameter anymore. This only worked in windows and existed for
  internal reasons.

!!!The following LyX functions have been removed in 2.5:

!!!The following LyX function has been added and then removed in 2.5 development cycle:

!!!The following LyX documents have been moved in 2.5:

!!!The following new files and folders have been added to the LyX directory

!!!The following preferences files have been removed from the tarball in 2.5:

!!!The following metadata files have been added to the tarball in 2.5:

!!Changes with respect to external programs and libraries in 2.5:

- The support for python 2 was completely removed. Python 3.8 (or newer)
  must be present on your system for LyX to work properly.

- The support for (long unmaintained) eLyXer was removed.

- When compiling with GCC, LyX know needs at least version >= 5.


!!Known issues in version 2.5.0

!!Caveats when upgrading from earlier versions to 2.5.x

!! If upgrading from a LyX version before 2.4.0

!!Detailed list of 2.5 changes

* For more comprehensive list of changes and new features in LyX 2.5 see
  https://wiki.lyx.org/LyX/NewInLyX25

